---
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /policy/
---

<div class="bg-white">
  <div class="container cntnr-wide pb3" markdown="1">

Security & Privacy
==================

<!-- MarkdownTOC depth="6" autolink="true" bracket="round" -->

- [Our security practices](#our-security-practices)
  - [Vulnerability Disclosure Policy](#vulnerability-disclosure-policy)
- [Our privacy practices](#our-privacy-practices)
  - [Privacy Act statement](#privacy-act-statement)
    - [Authorities](#authorities)
    - [Purpose](#purpose)
    - [Disclosure](#disclosure)
    - [Routine uses](#routine-uses)
    - [For more information](#for-more-information)

<!-- /MarkdownTOC -->

By using login.gov, you agree that you understand and consent to the
following terms of service:

Our security practices
----------------------

Login.gov uses a variety of industry-standard security methods to
protect this U.S. government service and your data, and to ensure the
service remains available to all users. These methods include monitoring
and recording network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to
upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.

Unauthorized access or use of login.gov (e.g. use for criminal purposes,
or to cause damage, etc) is against the law, and may subject you to
criminal prosecution and penalties.

### Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

View our [Vulnerability Discloure Policy](https://18f.gsa.gov/vulnerability-disclosure-policy/).

Our privacy practices
---------------------

This privacy notice describes how we ask for, use, retain, and protect
your personal information, as well as your obligation to disclose it.

Our goal is to protect your personal information, and we will not share
it without your permission. For example, we will ask you before sharing
your data with another agency to assess eligibility for additional
services. However, there may be exceptional circumstances where we are
required to share data for law enforcement purposes.

### Privacy Act statement

#### Authorities

The information you provide to access your login.gov account is
collected pursuant to the [E-Government Act of
2002](https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-107publ347/html/PLAW-107publ347.htm){:target="_blank"}.

#### Purpose

The information that you submit may be used to create or update your
login.gov account. Once you create an account, login.gov will use the
information you provide to verify your identity in order to provide
online access to government services.

#### Disclosure

You decide what information to give us. However, failure to provide
complete and accurate information may delay identity proofing and thus
access to the desired government agency/or service. Please note that the
login.gov system will record user information such as Internet Protocol
address and web browser type and version upon submission.

#### Routine uses

This information you give login.gov will be shared with the applicable
federal agency to provide access to information about you held by the
agency. It may also assist in determining your eligibility for a
requested benefit in accordance with the approved routine uses, as
described in the associated [systems of records
notices](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2017/01/19/2017-01174/privacy-act-of-1974-notice-of-a-new-system-of-records){:target="_blank"}.

#### For more information

We are happy to answer any questions you may have via our [contact
form](/contact).

  </div>
</div>
